QUESTION: Can you name a film from 2015 with an ensemble cast, including a well-known actor named Tom Hardy?
TRUE ANSWER: the revenant
PREDICTIONS: miss sloane,the dark knight,exodus gods and kings,legend,the revenant,alejandro gonzález iñárritu,selfless,it,tom hardy

QUESTION: Which 2014 movie starred an actor who later portrayed a famous comic book character in "Deadpool"?
TRUE ANSWER: deadpool
PREDICTIONS: deadpool,jamie chung,her,diego luna,the giver,the amazing spiderman,phillip noyce,it,the loft

QUESTION: In which year did a thriller film release, featuring actors Jake Gyllenhaal and Rene Russo, with a title related to the world of art?
TRUE ANSWER: nightcrawler
PREDICTIONS: martin scorsese,ti,antoine fuqua,the sea of trees,denis villeneuve,prisoners,nightcrawler,the intern,nancy meyers

QUESTION: Name a movie from 2016 in which a popular actress played a leading role alongside actor Michael Keaton, focusing on a real-life investigative story.
TRUE ANSWER: spotlight
PREDICTIONS: spotlight,her,diego luna,ariel vromen,josé padilha,the lego movie,21 jump street,phil lord,22 jump street

QUESTION: Can you identify a 2016 release that had a cast featuring Will Smith, Margot Robbie, and Jared Leto, based on a famous comic book series?
TRUE ANSWER: suicide squad
PREDICTIONS: suicide squad,the wolf of wall street,sean bott,moneyball,glenn ficarra,whiskey tango foxtrot,adrian martinez,ti,argo

QUESTION: Which 2016 film starred an actress who previously played a significant role in the "La La Land" musical?
TRUE ANSWER: lalaland
PREDICTIONS: whiplash,la la land,damien chazelle,elle,it,emma stone,rosemarie dewitt,jk simmons,aidan gillen

QUESTION: In which year was a science fiction movie released, starring Matt Damon and Jodie Foster, set in a futuristic, dystopian world?
TRUE ANSWER: elysium
PREDICTIONS: disaster movie,jason friedberg,carmen electra,vanessa lachey,nicole parker,district 9,neill blomkamp,chappie,elysium

QUESTION: Name a 2015 movie that involved Chris Pratt and Bryce Dallas Howard dealing with genetically-engineered dinosaurs.
TRUE ANSWER: jurassic world
PREDICTIONS: jurassic world,passengers,petes dragon,pet,david lowery,it,forest whitaker

QUESTION: Can you mention a 2016 release in which Emily Blunt played a significant role and the plot revolved around a psychological thriller based on a popular novel?
TRUE ANSWER: the girl on the train
PREDICTIONS: rob marshall,moonrise kingdom,moon,her,the huntsman winters war,cedric nicolastroyan,up,george nolfi,snow white and the huntsman

QUESTION: Which 2014 movie featured a talented actor who later starred in "The Revenant" and earned an Academy Award for his performance?
TRUE ANSWER: tom hardy
PREDICTIONS: brian helgeland,warrior,black mass,paul,rio,taron egerton,tom hardy,paul anderson,jennifer morrison

QUESTION: In which year did an action-packed film come out, with Tom Hardy and Charlize Theron, set in a post-apocalyptic desert wasteland?
TRUE ANSWER: mad max: fury road
PREDICTIONS: spy,the drop,tinker tailor soldier spy,tomas alfredson,red,ti,james gandolfini,snow white and the huntsman,it

QUESTION: Name a 2016 movie that saw Ryan Reynolds taking on the role of a wisecracking antihero, known for breaking the fourth wall.
TRUE ANSWER: the martian
PREDICTIONS: her,diego luna,wes ball,gold,xmen origins wolverine,gavin hood,the wolverine,james mangold,district 9

QUESTION: Can you identify a 2016 release in which Amy Adams played a lead role and the narrative involved a story within a story, blurring the lines of reality?
TRUE ANSWER: nocturnal animals
PREDICTIONS: ted,a united kingdom,it,aaron yoo,francesc albiol,the da vinci code,jean reno,ron howard,elle

QUESTION: Which 2015 film had Shailene Woodley and Theo James as the lead actors, in a dystopian world filled with factions?
TRUE ANSWER: divergent
PREDICTIONS: divergent,neil burger,allegiant,insurgent,the maze runner,theo james,shailene woodley,jai courtney,ansel elgort

QUESTION: In which year did a biographical drama release, starring Michael Fassbender as a tech visionary, and focusing on his life and work?
TRUE ANSWER: steve jobs
PREDICTIONS: exodus gods and kings,albert finney,up,rupert grint,michael gambon,david yates,harry potter and the deathly hallows part 2,stardust,harry potter and the halfblood prince

QUESTION: Name a movie from 2016 in which a well-known actor portrayed a talented illusionist, and the story involved mind-bending tricks and deceptions.
TRUE ANSWER: now you see me 2
PREDICTIONS: up,rupert grint,michael gambon,ron clements,movie 43,half of a yellow sun,biyi bandele,it,the princess and the frog

QUESTION: Can you mention a 2014 release that featured Chris Pratt and Zoe Saldana as part of a team of unlikely heroes in a space opera?
TRUE ANSWER: guardians of the galaxy
PREDICTIONS: guardians of the galaxy,star trek beyond,star trek,star trek into darkness,zoe saldana,zachary quinto,harry potter and the order of the phoenix,justin lin,ti

QUESTION: Which 2016 film starred an actor who is famous for playing a superhero with a suit that grants incredible abilities?
TRUE ANSWER: iron man
PREDICTIONS: moonlight,moon,up,super,scott speedman,mothers day,garry marshall,her,jennifer aniston

QUESTION: In which year did a science fiction thriller come out, featuring Domhnall Gleeson and Alicia Vikander, with themes of artificial intelligence and consciousness?
TRUE ANSWER: ex machina
PREDICTIONS: jeff bridges,seventh son,eve,gods of egypt,twilight,interstellar,richard curtis,kurt fuller,lydia wilson

QUESTION: Name a 2016 movie in which Mark Ruffalo, Rachel McAdams, and Michael Keaton portrayed journalists investigating a real-life scandal
TRUE ANSWER: spotlight
PREDICTIONS: spotlight,her,sherlock holmes,real steel,dakota goyo,john carroll lynch,midnight in paris,richard curtis,kathy bates

